NOW LET'S GET UP TO
SPEED WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5D's.
KALIN KESSLER?
YOU WERE ONCE
OUR FRIEND!
"ONCE YOUR FRIEND,"
YES BUT NOW YOUR ENEMY!
I COULD HAVE GIVEN
YOU EVERYTHING!
BUT YOU WERE TOO SCARED!
YOU KNEW THE ONLY WAY
THE SATELLITE COULD BE OURS
WAS IF WE ELIMINATED
EVERY THREAT.
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL,
CCAPAC APU!
POUND THIS PATHETIC
SIGNER INTO THE DARKNESS!
YUSEI!
WATCH OUT!
WHAT WAS IT THAT
TOURNAMENT MC STARTED
CALLING YOU?
"SATELLITE'S
SHOOTING STAR?"
MORE LIKE "SATELLITE'S
FALLING STAR."
SEE YOU AROUND,
YUSEI.
YOU OKAY?
AH, MY GUT!
HEY, YUSEI, CAN
YA' HEAR ME?
Crow: DON'T TOUCH HIM!
CROW!
I'LL TAKE HIM
TO MARTHA'S PLACE.
GOOD IDEA.
I NEED HANDS
OUT HERE, PEOPLE.
COME HELP ME GET
YUSEI INSIDE!
IS HE GOING
TO BE ALRIGHT?
IT'S A LONG SHOT.
COME ON, YUSEI BE
STRONG.
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
[GROANING]
DOCTOR,
HOW'S IT LOOKING?
THERE'S A LOT
OF INTERNAL BRUISING,
BUT I'LL KNOW
MORE SHORTLY.
POOR YUSEI.
HUH?
TELL US DOC!
HOW'S HE DOIN'?!
IT LOOKS LIKE HE'LL MAKE
A COMPLETE RECOVERY.
HE'LL NEED A FEW
MORE DAYS OF REST
IN BED,
BUT HE'LL BE
JUST FINE.
JUST KEEP HIM FROM
UNDERGROUND DUELS
FOR A WHILE OKAY?
YOU'RE THE DOC!
SO, WHAT NOW?
NOW?! WE FIND THAT
DARK SIGNER
AND MAKE HIM PAY!
HMM.
AH-AH-HA...
AHCHOO!
WHAT'S WRONG?
WALKING ALL NIGHT
WITHOUT ANY CLOTHES!
I THINK WE ALL
CAUGHT A COLD!
JUST PERFECT.
I'LL MAKE SOME SOUP.
HEH HEH. WILL YOU LOOK
AT THIS PLACE?!
THIS IS ONE TIME I
DON'T MIND BABYSITTING!
HOLD ON!
YOU'RE NOT
BABYSITTING.
YOU'RE JUST HERE
'CAUSE YUSEI
WAS WORRIED
ABOUT THOSE
DARK SIGNERS
COMING AFTER US!
BUT DON'T WORRY
ABOUT THEM!
LUNA AND ME'LL
PROTECT YOU WITH OUR
AWESOME DUELING!
JUST BETWEEN YOU
AND ME, MISTER TANNER,
I'D STICK CLOSE
TO ME WHEN THINGS
GET REAL ROUGH.
EVERYONE KNOWS THAT
BOYS DUEL BETTER
THAN THE GIRLS DO.
IT'S ACTUALLY
A SCIENTIFIC FACT!
OF COURSE.
CHECK OUT THIS POOL.
DOES ANYONE MIND IF I
DO SOME AQUA-ROBICS.
WHY DON'T WE TRY
CHECKING ON YUSEI
BEFORE YOU START SPLASHIN'
TO THE OLDIES, YANAGI?
IS YUSEI OKAY?
LAST NIGHT LUNA'S
SIGN STARTED GLOWING
SUPER BRIGHT!
DOES THAT MEAN
HE'S DUELING
A DARK SIGNER?
IS HE IN TROUBLE?!
I THINK YOU SHOULD
TAKE A TIMEOUT
FROM THE QUESTION GAME
AND LET ME SEE
IF YUSEI'S CHECKED IN.
LOOKS LIKE THERE'S
NO EMAIL FROM HIM YET.
WHAT IF GOODWIN
LOCKED HIM UP?!
CALM DOWN.
I'M SURE HE'S TAKIN' OUT
DARK SIGNERS
OR SOMETHIN'.
YEAH YOU'RE RIGHT!
NO ONE CAN STOP
YUSEI!
HE'S JUST TOO SLICK!
BUT, IF HE'S OK, WHY
WAS YOUR ARM GLOWING
LAST NIGHT?
I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE IT WAS
MY DREAM.
I SAW THESE DRAGONS
FIGHTING THIS
SHADOW ARMY!
Yanagi: MAYBE YOUR SIGN
WAS SHOWING YOU
THE ORIGINAL BATTLE
OF THE CRIMSON DRAGON
AND HOW TO BEAT
THE DARK SIGNERS!
OHH.
SO TELL ME,
WITH ALL THESE DRAGONS,
MY POWER TOOL DRAGON
HAD TO BE THERE!
HUH? WELL, THERE
WAS ONE THAT KINDA
LOOKED LIKE YOURS
BUT WHAT DIFFERENCE
DOES IT MAKE?
"WHAT DIFF'RENCE?!"
POWER TOOL'S MY DRAGON!
IF HE WAS THERE,
THEN, THAT MEANS THAT
I'M THE FIFTH SIGNER!
I KNEW IT!
NOW I'LL SAVE THE WORLD!
HERE COMES LEO!
GOOD THING I'VE
BEEN WORKING ON MY
VICTORY DANCE!
WHEN DO YOU THINK
I'LL GET MY SIGN?
WAS HIS DRAGON
REALLY THERE?!
NO! I JUST FELT SO
BAD FOR HIM!
HE'LL FIGURE IT OUT
WHEN HIS ARM NEVER
STARTS GLOWING.
I SURE HOPE SO.
MAYBE I HAVE TO RUB.
YOU KNOW LIKE A GENIE!
OR, HE'LL RUB
HIS ARMS SO HARD
THAT THEY MIGHT
ACTUALLY START
TO GLOW.
I FEEL IT!
DRAGON POWER!
IT'S FLOWING
THROUGH MY BODY
LIKE SOME SORT
OF SUPER SPORTS DRINK!
NOW, I'M READY
FOR ANYTHING,
ESPECIALLY A DUEL
WITH THE DARK SIGNERS!
LET'S HEAR
THAT BATTLE CRY!
EEH.
UHH.
HA!
SO SINCE WE FIGHT EVIL,
THAT MEANS WE'RE
SUPERHEROES.
AND SUPERHEROES ARE
ALWAYS SUPPOSED TO
STICK TOGETHER.
THAT'S LIKE THEIR
MOST IMPORTANT THING.
AND, UH,
THE SUPER POWERS.
BUT YOU'RE
ABSOLUTELY RIGHT, LEO.
WE STICK TOGETHER,
RIGHT HERE IN THIS
NICE COZY MANSION.
AND AKIZA?
AKIZA? WHY HER?
SHE MAY BE A SIGNER.
BUT THAT DOESN'T
MEAN WE CAN
TRUST HER...
SHE'S PART OF
THAT WEIRD ARCADIA
MOVEMENT
THAT'S GOT
ALL THE PSYCHICS.
"THE ARCADIA MOVEMENT?"
YOU MEAN LIKE
WITH VIDEO GAMES?
IT'S "ARCADIA"
NOT ARCADE.
THEIR GROUP
COLLECTS PSYCHICS
FROM ALL
OVER THE WORLD.
THEN THEY TEST
THEIR ABILITIES
TO MOVE OBJECTS
WITH THEIR MINDS.
TO SEE IF THEY
HAVE SUPER POWERS?!
WELL SORT OF,
BUT THEIR MAIN OBJECTIVE
IS TO TRAIN THEM
TO BE DUELISTS WHO BATTLE
AND INFLICT REAL DAMAGE.
BUT AKIZA WOULD
NEVER REALLY WANT
TO HURT PEOPLE!
WHO KNOWS.
I SAY WE STAY AS FAR
AWAY AS POSSIBLE.
HEY, BUT, YANAGI AGREED
THAT US HEROES GOTTA
STICK TOGETHER...
WHAT IF SHE NEEDS
OUR HELP?
HUH?!
OR WHAT IF YUSEI'S
IN TROUBLE
AND WE NEED AKIZA'S DECK
AS BACK UP?
THERE'S LIKE TOTALLY
A MILLION REASONS
THAT THIS IS
A GOOD IDEA.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?!
THEY WANT TO GO
AND GET AKIZA
FROM ARCADIA.
GOOD PLAN!
I'LL JUST STAY HERE
AND KEEP AN EYE
ON THE HEATED JACUZZI.
HOLD ON!
WHO SAYS WE'RE
GOING ANYWHERE?
WE SHOULD STAY PUT
UNTIL WE HEAR
FROM YUSEI.
WHAT IF WE DON'T
HEAR FROM HIM?
FOR ALL WE KNOW,
HE MIGHT NEED OUR HELP!
YOU'RE RIGHT.
IF THERE STILL
NO EMAIL,
SOMETHING MIGHT HAVE
HAPPENED TO HIM THAT
NEEDS SIGNER
BACK UP.
Computer: NO NEW MESSAGES.
LOOKS LIKE WE'RE
GONNA PAY AKIZA
A VISIT, AFTER ALL!
[PANTING]
HUH.
WHAT'S WRONG?
NORMALLY, AKIZA
WOULD'VE TAKEN DOWN
THAT DUEL-BOT
IN A COUPLE ROUNDS.
THIS MATCH WENT
NEARLY EIGHT.
THERE'S NO DOUBT
HER PSYCHIC POWERS
HAVE WEAKENED SINCE
THE TOURNAMENT,
WHERE SHE LOST
TO YUSEI FUDO.
I DON'T PAY YOU FOR
TELLING ME WHAT I KNOW.
SHE NEEDS FIXING.
SHE'S LOST DUELS BEFORE,
WHAT'S DIFFERENT
THIS TIME?
IT'S NOT THE DUEL.
IT WAS HER OPPONENT.
YES COULD IT BE THAT
OUR AKIZA HAS A CRUSH?
AKIZA, THAT'S WAS
AN IMPRESSIVE DUEL.
YEAH RIGHT.
YOU'RE TOO HARD
ON YOURSELF.
WHATEVER'S
TROUBLING YOU,
YOU CAN ALWAYS
TELL ME.
WE'RE FRIENDS.
I'M FINE.
I JUST NEED TO REST.
COME NOW, I'VE KNOWN
YOU TOO LONG
FOR YOU
TO START LYING.
I SAVED YOUR,
OR DON'T YOU
REMEMBER?
YOU WERE AN OUTCAST,
WITH FRIGHTENING POWERS.
YOU HAD NO FRIENDS;
NO ONE WANTED TO BE
AROUND YOU!
THEY'D STARE FROM AFAR
WATCHING, WHISPERING,
LAUGHING.
EVEN YOUR OWN PARENTS
DIDN'T WANT ANYTHING
TO DO WITH YOU.
AND WHEN YOU WERE
READY TO THROW AWAY
YOUR FUTURE,
WHO WAS IT THAT
SAVED YOU?
ME. SAYER.
AND NOW YOU'RE ONE
OF ARCADIA'S
MOST POWERFUL GIRLS,
SURROUNDED BY FRIENDS
WHO SHARE YOUR
ABILITIES,
ALL THANKS
TO YOURS TRULY.
AT THE VERY LEAST YOU
CAN TELL ME WHAT'S
REALLY GOING ON.
WHY ARE YOU
DISTRACTED?
WHAT'S SO IMPORTANT
THAT YOU'RE RISKING
ALL THAT WE'VE
ACCOMPLISHED?
I SAID IT'S NOTHING.
OR IS IT YUSEI FUDO!
[GASPS]
ERR.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO BE
A PSYCHIC TO FIGURE IT OUT.
YOU THINK YOU CAN RUN OFF,
LIVE A NORMAL LIFE
AND HAVE YUSEI FIGHT
YOUR BATTLES FOR YOU?
VERY ROMANTIC.
BUT I'M AFRAID YOUR PLACE
WILL ALWAYS BE HERE.
HEH HEH!
[CELL PHONE RINGS]
NOT NOW.
Man: THERE'S A GROUP
HERE TO SEE YOU.
AND TWO OF THEM
ARE THE TWINS YOU
WERE ASKING ABOUT:
LUNA AND LEO.
THEY'RE HERE?
THINGS JUST GOT
INTERESTING.
I'M JUST SHOWING
YOU YOU'RE NOT
AS DIFFERENT
AS YOU THINK!
I DON'T HAVE
TO BE YOUR ENEMY,
I COULD BE
YOUR FRIEND!
HE WAS THE FIRST TO SEE
ME AS A NORMAL PERSON.
[GROWLING]
HA HA HA HA!
GET READY TO JOIN
THE REST OF THE TAKEN
IN THE SHADOWS
OF THE NETHERWORLD! HEH!
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL,
CCAPAC APU!
POUND THIS
PATHETIC SIGNER
INTO THE DARKNESS!
Yusei: OHH!
AAH!
OH.
HELLO?
[GRUNTS]
WELL LOOK WHO'S AWAKE!
MARTHA?
WHAT HAPPENED?
YOU TOOK A NASTY FALL
OFF YOUR RUNNER,
THEN CROW BROUGHT
YOU HERE.
"NASTY FALL?"
OH YEAH, THERE WAS
A DUEL, BETWEEN ME
AND KALIN!
WHEN YOU WERE LITTLE
I TOLD YOU DUELING
WAS DANGEROUS!
NOW YOU'RE A WRECK!
CHECK OUT
YOUR RUNNER.
HUH?
SURPRISED?
YOUR FRIENDS PUSHED
IT THE WHOLE WAY HERE!
THROUGH
THE SATELLITE?!
THEY GOT SICK AND LOST
THEIR DECKS
AND QUITE LITERALLY
THE SHIRTS OFF THEIR BACKS
BUT THEY ALL KNEW WHAT
THAT RUNNER MEANT TO YOU.
HOPE IS ALL
ANYONE HAS LEFT
IN THE SATELLITE SECTOR.
SECURITY'S TAKEN OUR DECKS
AND CRIME'S TAKEN
ANYTHING ELSE THAT HAS
EVEN A LITTLE VALUE.
BUT PEOPLE HERE HAVE
ALWAYS LOOKED UP TO
YOU, YUSEI.
THEY THOUGHT YOU MIGHT
GET OUTTA HERE,
START A REAL LIFE.
WHICH IS WHY IT BREAKS
MY HEART TO KNOW
YOU'RE BACK HERE DUELING!
I HOPE AT LEAST YOU
WON YOUR LITTLE GAME.
IT'S NOT
WHAT YOU THINK!
THERE'S PEOPLE OUT
THERE THAT WANT
TO DESTROY OUR HOME!
ALL OF US HERE ARE
IN GREAT DANGER.
IT'S COMPLICATED,
BUT THERE'S THESE
DARK SIGNERS AND...
YOU NEED
TO CALM DOWN, YUSEI.
I BELIEVE YOU.
BUT IF WE'RE
"ALL IN GREAT DANGER,"
WHY ARE YOU TRYING TO SAVE
US ALL ON YOUR OWN?
IT'S MY JOB.
YOU'LL JUST
NEVER WILL CHANGE.
TRYING TO DO
EVERYTHING
BY YOURSELF
AND ENDING UP
IN A HOSPITAL BED.
YOU'VE GOT FRIENDS
OUT THERE THAT WILL
FOLLOW YOU ANYWHERE;
LOOK WHAT THEY DID
JUST FOR YOUR
DUEL RUNNER!
THEN THERE'S JACK.
YOU TWO WERE LIKE
BROTHERS ONCE.
YOU NEED EACH OTHER.
WHATEVER HAPPENED,
IT'S TIME THE TWO OF YOU
FORGAVE AND FORGOT.
LIFE'S HARD ENOUGH,
BUT IT'S EVEN HARDER
WITHOUT A BEST FRIEND.
'N' IF IT'S TRUE,
IF THESE DARK SIGNERS
YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT
WANT TO TURN OUR HOME
INTO A PARKING LOT,
THEN YOU'RE GONNA NEED
ALL THE FRIENDS
YOU CAN GET
'CAUSE MARK MY WORDS,
I'M DONE BANDAGING
YOUR BLACK 'N' BLUES!
YOUR LIFE IS JUST TOO
IMPORTANT TO RIDE SOLO.
NOW, EAT THIS.
THANK YOU
FOR ALL YOUR HELP.
THERE'S JUST
ONE MORE THING.
IF YOU RUN OUT OF HERE
BEFORE I SAY YOU'RE
READY TO GO,
THEN, THOSE SCARS
ARE JUST THE BEGINNING!
GOOD LUCK, YUSEI.
YOU'LL NEED IT.
SO WHADDA THEY SERVING?
RED MEAT DOESN'T
AGREE WITH ME.
BE QUIET, GRAMPS!
NO ONE CARES!
SORRY.
SO ALL OF YOU
WANT TO SEE AKIZA?
I SHOULD WARN YOU SHE'S
AWFULLY BUSY.
WHAT'S SO INCREDIBLY
IMPORTANT THAT YOU'VE
COME ALL THE WAY HERE?
WELL, SHE'S GOT
A DRAGON SIGN.
THAT MEANS SHE'S
A SUPER HERO!
AND NOW, BECAUSE LUNA
AND ME ARE SUPER HEROES TOO
WE'RE GOING TO HELP
OUR FRIEND YUSEI
AND FIGHT
THE DARK SIGNERS
AND SAVE
THE WHOLE CITY, OKAY?
YOUR YOUNG FRIEND
HERE CERTAINLY HAS
AN IMAGINATION.
WE KNOW.
BUUUUUUUUUUUUT
IT MAKES SENSE.
I'VE BEEN MONITORING
SOME STRANGE
OCCURRENCES LATELY.
WE WOULD LOVE TO HELP YOU.
YOU WOULD?!
MY ARCADIA MOVEMENT
IS HERE FOR GOOD.
IF ANY OF MY
PSYCHIC DUELISTS,
ESPECIALLY
THE LOVELY AKIZA,
CAN BE OF HELP,
WHAT SORT OF PERSON
WOULD I BE IF I TURNED
MY BACK ON YOU?
I PROMISE YOU ALL
I'LL DO EVERYTHING
TO STOP THIS THREAT!
ALL RIGHT!
THANK YOU!
NOW, IF YOU WOULD
JUST EXCUSE ME,
I'LL GO GET AKIZA.
SO THERE!
YOU SAID THAT HE WAS
ALL WEIRD AND SCARY!
HOW'S IT FEEL
TO BE WRONG?
I THOUGHT HE SAID
WE WERE GOING TO
EAT DINNER.
I BROUGHT MY BEST
KIMONO!
I'M SURE HE'LL...
HOLD ON.
YOU GUYS SMELL SOMETHING
A LITTLE FUNNY?
OOPS! YOU GET
TO BE MY AGE,
YOU GET
GASTRONOMICAL
PROBLEMS!
DIDJA SEE ME, SIS?
HE DID EVERYTHING
I SAID!
LEO, THAT'S NOT
A "SIGNER POW'R!"
WHOA. YOU SURE 'CAUSE
I'M TIRED.
ME TOO.
HEY!
QUIET. NOT SO LOUD.
WHAT IS THIS?
NAPTIME?
LUNA, EVER SINCE
I SAW YOU DUEL
AT THE TOURNAMENT,
I KNEW I HAD TO HAVE
YOUR SPECIAL POWERS
UNDER MY CONTROL.
THE ONLY QUESTION IS
WHETHER YOUR BROTHER
SHARES YOUR GIFTS.
FORTUNATELY,
I HAVE WAYS TO FIND OUT.
OHH!
AKIZA?
QUIET, THE DUEL'S STARTING.
HUH?
LEO! WHY'S
HE CHAINED?!
IT'S A TEST.
WELL THEN
WHERE'S HIS DESK?!
[GRUNTING]
WHERE'S LUNA?
WHERE AM I?!
WHAT'S GOING ON?!
THE CHAIN'S THERE FOR
YOUR OWN PROTECTION...
WE DON'T WANT YOU HURTING
YOURSELF NOW DO WE?
AS FOR THAT HAT
YOU'RE WEARING,
IT'S FOR DETECTING
LATENT PSYCHIC POWERS,
ASSUMING OF COURSE
THAT YOU HAVE ANY.
LATENT WHAT?!
YOU SAID YOU WERE
GOING TO GET AKIZA
AND HELP US FIGHT
THE DARK SIGNERS!
WELL NOW THAT IS WHAT
THEY WOULD CALL A LIE,
AND I'M SURE YOU'LL
HEAR MANY MORE.
LET ME GO!
[THINKING]
YOU'VE GOT TO
BE BRAVE, LEO!
LUNA! GET OUTTA HERE!!!
SAVE YOUR BREATH, LEO,
THERE'S NO WAY SHE
CAN HEAR YOU.
WHAT ARE YA
GONNA DO TO ME?!
TAKE MY BRAIN
OR SOMETHING?!
OF COURSE NOT.
YOU'RE HERE TO
TAKE A TEST,
TO SEE IF YOU
HAVE THE POWER
OF A PSYCHIC DUELIST.
KNOW THAT WORD?
WHAT? PSYCHO?
NO. A PSYCHIC CAN DO
INCREDIBLE THINGS
WITH THEIR MIND,
SOMETHING SMALL,
OR SOMETHING POWERFUL.
MY PSYCHICS USE THEIR
ABILITIES TO MAKE
THEIR DECKS COME ALIVE.
IMAGINE: AN UNSTOPPABLE
ARMY MADE UP
OF MY DUELISTS!
THE TOURNAMENT.
AKIZA WAS
JUST A PREVIEW.
I HAVE DOZENS MORE
PSYCHIC DUELISTS
AT MY COMMAND!
WHO CARES ABOUT
THESE DARK SIGNERS!
LET THEM DESTROY
THE SATELLITE SECTOR,
IT ONLY HELPS ME IN MY QUEST
TO MAKE SOCIETY PAY
FOR THE DISCRIMINATING
WAYS IN WHICH THEY'VE
TREATED PSYCHICS
THROUGHOUT TIME!
DOES THAT MEAN
AKIZA'S GONNA
HELP YOU GET EVEN?
OHH! BUT SHE'S
SUPPOSED TO BE
A HERO!
A HERO?! HA.
SHE DOESN'T EVEN
KNOW WHAT I'M REALLY
DOING HERE!
NOW, WHADDYA SAY
WE START THAT TEST!
GUESS I DON'T
GOTTA CHOICE.
NOW, BE SURE TO DUEL
HARD 'CAUSE IF YOU DON'T
YOU'LL END UP LOCKED AWAY
WITH YOUR FRIENDS.
SHALL WE?
DUEL!
I'LL BE GOING FIRST.
I SUMMON KREBONS.
HEE HEE HEE!
AND I'LL END MY TURN
WITH ONE FACEDOWN.
YOU'RE UP NOW, LEO.
MY DECK RULES,
WEIRDO!
AFTER I TAKE YOU OUT,
YOUR "ARMY" IS NEXT!
THAT'S THE SPIR'T!
AND FOR MY FIRST MOVE,
I SUMMON
MY MORPHTRONIC RADION!
WHEN HE'S
IN ATTACK MODE,
ALL THE OTHER
MORPHTRONIC MONSTERS
GET AN EXTRA
800 ATTACK POINTS!
WITH THAT BONUS
OUT THERE,
HE'S GOT MORE THAN
ENOUGH TO TAKE YOU OUT!
MORPHTRONIC, ATTAAACK!
I ACTIVATE
MY KREBONS' ABILITY!
INSTEAD OF IT BEING
DESTROYED,
I CAN SAVE MY MONSTER
BY PAYING 800 LIFE POINTS!
YOU GOTTA SPEND POINTS
TO MAKE POINTS.
HEH HEH!
IF THAT'S YOUR IDEA
OF A STRATEGY,
THEN YOU'RE
IN BIG, BIG
TROUBLE!!
AND SO IS YOUR ARMY!
THAT'S THE ATTITUDE.
NOW I SUMMON
PSYCHIC SNAIL!
AAH! IT'S GOT
ALMOST TWO THOUSAND
ATTACK POINTS.
LEO, COME NOW.
I SAID THIS WAS A TEST.
NOW WHY DON'T WE SEE,
HOW YA DO ON PART TWO!
PSYCHIC SNAIL, ATTACK!
[GROANS]
HEY! WHAT WAS THAT?!
SOMETHING JUST
SHOCKED ME!
THAT IS THE RESULT OF MY
PSYCHIC DUELING POWER, LEO,
AND IF YOU EVER
HOPE TO BEAT ME,
YOU BETTER USE YOUR OWN.
KREBONS, GIVE LEO
ANOTHER TASTE!
AAH! AAH! UGH!
LEO! PLEASE
STOP THIS!
THAT'S MY BROTHER!
I CAN'T, LUNA.
ONCE THE TEST BEGINS,
IT CAN ONLY BE STOPPED
ONCE A DUELIST LOSES.
LEO!
THIS ISN'T FAIR!
I WANNA GO HOME!
AAH!
IF YOU EVER WANT TO SEE
YOU SISTER AGAIN, LEO,
I WOULD QUIT THE WHINING
AND SHOW ME YOUR
PSYCHIC POWERS!
NOW ARE YOU GONNA
GET UP AND DUEL
OR RUST MY STEEL FLOOR?!
LEAVE US ALONE!
I'M DOING THIS
AS A FAVOR!
YOU'LL THANK
ME IN THE END.
IF YOU WANNA SEE LUNA,
SHOW ME YOUR POWERS!
ERR. YOU'RE GONNA WISH
YOU NEVER MESSED
WITH MY SISTER!
NOBODY GETS
AWAY WITH THAT!
THAT'S THE SPIRIT, LEO!
COME AT ME
WITH ALL THAT ANGER,
ALL THAT EMOTION
YOU HAVE BURIED
DEEP DOWN INSIDE.
SO WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO?
ARE YOU JUST GONNA CRY?
OR ARE YOU GONNA DUEL?
I'M GONNA WIN!
I SUMMON OUT:
MORPHTRONIC REMOTEN!
[CHIRPS]
AND THEN,
I'M GONNA ACTIVATE
THE SPELL JUNK BOX!
AND THANKS TO THAT,
I GET TO RE-SUMMON
MORPHTRONIC RADION!
AND NEXT I'LL
TUNE MY REMOTEN
WITH MY RADION!
NOW YOU'RE GONNA GET
A LITTLE TASTE
OF WHAT I GOT IN STORE
FOR THE DARK SIGNERS!
I SYNCHRO SUMMON:
POWER TOOL DRAGON!
Computer: POWER TOOL DRAGON IS
A LEVEL 7 MACHINE TYPE MONSTER
THAT HAS 2300 ATTACK POINTS
AND 2500 DEFENSE POINTS.
NICE, NOW KEEP THAT FOCUS
AND HARNESS THE ENERGY
THAT FLOWS WITHIN.
WELL HOW'S THIS
FOR ENERGY:
I USE MY DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
SO THAT I CAN PLAY
A RANDOM EQUIP SPELL
FROM MY DECK!
YES, NOW I CAN PLAY
DOUBLE TOOL CAMPED,
WHICH GIVES AN
EXTRA ONE THOUSAND
ATTACK POINTS
TO THE MONSTER
I EQUIP IT TO,
SO SAY GOODBYE TO
YOUR KREBONS!
POWER TOOL DRAGON,
YOU'RE ABOUT TO
GET A POWER UP!
SMILE! 'CAUSE HERE
COMES MY DENTIST!
ATTAAAAACK!
WAIT, YOU'RE FORGETTING
ONE THING!
IF I SACRIFICE
800 LIFE POINTS,
KREBONS' SPECIAL
ABILITY ACTIVATES,
WHICH COMPLETELY CANCELS
YOUR DRAGON'S ATTACK!
FOR A PSYCHIC YOU
DON'T KNOW MUCH!
WITH DOUBLE TOOL,
NOT ONE OF YOUR
MONSTERS CAN USE
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY,
SO NOW LET'S KEEP THAT
DRAGON ATTACK GOIN'!
WHAT?!
ERR!
HEH. NOT BAD!
I KNOW.
NEXT TIME, YOU SHOULD
BE MORE CAREFUL
WHO YOU KNOCK OUT
WITH GAS.
'CAUSE, IN CASE YOU
HADN'T HEARD, MISTER,
I'M THE FIFTH SIGNER,
AND I'M GONNA
SAVE MY SISTER!
[THINKING]
OH. BE CAREFUL!
IT'S MY MOVE.
I PLAY THE SPELL
PSI-STATION!
AND ONCE I ACTIVATE IT,
WHEN I SUMMON ANY OTHER
PSYCHIC MONSTER
IF I SACRIFICE
500 LIFE POINTS,
THEN MY NEW MONSTER GETS
A NICE LITTLE BONUS
TO THE TUNE OF 300
EXTRA ATTACK POINTS!
AND I'VE GOT JUST
THE MONSTER TO USE IT.
I SUMMON
PSYCHIC COMMANDER!
NOW I'LL SACRIFICING
THOSE 500 LIFE POINTS
I JUST MENTIONED TO
ACTIVATE MY PSI-STATION!
AND DUE TO ITS EFFECT
MY PSYCHIC COMMANDER'S
ATTACK POINTS
AND POWER LEVEL INCREASE!
HE'S STILL NO MATCH
FOR MY TOOL DRAGON!
AND YOU'D BE ABSOLUTELY
RIGHT IF I WAS FINISHED,
BUT I THINK I'LL USE
MY COMMANDER
TO TUNE PSYCHIC SNAIL
FOR A SYNCHRO SUMMON!
I'VE GIVEN YOU PLENTY
OF CHANCES TO SHOW ME
YOUR PSYCHIC POWERS.
THIS IS YOUR LAST CHANCE!
I SUMMON
THOUGHT RULER ARCHFIEND!
HA HA HA!
OHH!
[ROARS]
I HAVE TO BE BRAVE
FOR MY SISTER!
OKAY, LEO, HE'S BIGGER,
BUT AS LONG
AS YOUR DRAGON'S
EQUIPPED WITH
DOUBLE TOOL,
YOU CAN SACRIFICE IT IN
ORDER TO KEEP HIM ALIVE!
I MUST SAY I APPLAUD
YOUR INNOVATIVE STRATEGY.
BUT UNFORTUNATELY,
IT WILL ONLY WORK IF I
ATTACK YOUR DRAGON.
BUT... BUT YOU
HAVE TO!
I'M SORRY, BUT I'LL
BE USING MY TRAP CARD
RIGHT NOW.
IT'S CALLED
BATTLE TELEPORTATION,
AND IT ALLOWS ME
TO ATTACK YOU
AND BYPASS YOUR DRAGON!
AAH!
ARCHFIEND, I'M AFRAID
WE HAVE TO GIVE LEO
A FAILING GRADE.
AAH! AAH! AAH!
[GROANS]
SORRY, LUNA.
WELL, IT LOOKS LIKE
THE BOY'S NOT
SO SPECIAL AFTER ALL.
AT LEAST I STILL
HAVE THE GIRL.
OH NO! WHY ISN'T
HE MOVING??!!
COME ON, PLEASE LEO!